fix misspells and minor cleanup (#44)
squid-cache/squid-cache.github.io: docs/SquidFaq/SquidMemory.md

[cache_mem](http://www.squid-cache.org/Doc/config/cache_mem) will not
help.

> ## Why cannot my Squid process grow beyond a certain size?

Reviewer: contraction changes grammar
```suggestion
## Why can my Squid process not grow beyond a certain size?
```
